"question"
"HOW AFRICAN AMERICANS WERE IMMIGRATED TO THE US"
"how are glacier caves formed?"
"how a water pump works"
"how big is bmc software in houston, tx"
"how big is bmc software in houston, tx"
"how much is 1 tablespoon of water"
"how much is 1 tablespoon of water"
"how much is 1 tablespoon of water"
"how much are the harry potter movies worth"
"how a rocket engine works"
"how old was sue lyon when she made lolita"
"how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented"
"how did anne frank die"
"how are aircraft radial engines built"
"how deep can be drill for deep underwater"
"how old was monica lewinsky during the affair"
"how long was frank sinatra famous"
"how are antibodies used in"
"how are antibodies used in"
"how are antibodies used in"
"how are antibodies used in"
"how much is jk rowling worth"
"how big is auburndale florida"
"how old is kirk douglas, the actor?"
"how old is the singer bob seger"
"how long was i love lucy on the air"
"how long was richard nixon a president"
"HOW MUCH IS CENTAVOS IN MEXICO"
"How long was Mickie James with WWE?"
"how did armando christian perez become famous"
"how old were the twin towers when destroyed"
"how are the # of electrons in each shell determined"
"how many presidents of the us"
"how old is beatrice author"
"how are public schools funded"
"how are public schools funded"
"what happens  to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis?"
"what happens  to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis?"
"how does interlibrary loan work"
"how does interlibrary loan work"
"what did mia hamm do his work"
"what bacteria grow on macconkey agar"
"what countries are under the buddhism religion"
"how did wild bill's father die"
"how many land rovers have landed on mars"
"how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting"
"how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting"
"how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting"
"what bird family is the owl"
"how did harmon killebrew get strong"
"What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods?"
"How much did Waterboy grossed"
"What county is Farmington Hills, MI in?"
"what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day"
"What committees are joint committees"
"how many stripes on the flag"
"How many states and territories are within India?"
"how is whooping cough distinguished from similar diseases"
"how is whooping cough distinguished from similar diseases"
"what county is galveston in texas"
"what cities are in the bahamas"
"what cities are in the bahamas"
"how many schools are in the big ten"
"how is single malt scotch made"
"how is single malt scotch made"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"what composer used sound mass"
"How Do You Play Spades"
"what continent is australia"
"what causes heart disease"
"what countries did immigrants come from during the immigration"
"what countries did immigrants come from during the immigration"
"how many people live in atlanta georgia"
"how many people live in atlanta georgia"
"what does it mean to be a commonwealth state"
"how long can you be in the supreme court"
"what county in texas is conroe located in"
"what can sql 2005 do"
"how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing"
"What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Music Awards?"
"how does a dredge work?"
"how does a dredge work?"
"how does a dredge work?"
"how does a dredge work?"
"how does a dredge work?"
"what did benedict arnold die"
"how many world series did curt schilling have"
"how many ports are there in networking"
"what area code is 479"
"what area code is 479"
"what does arraignment mean"
"what did chaucer do"
"what did chaucer do"
"what does am and pm stand for"
"how is canada's health care"
"how many xbox 360 games are there"
"how do pineapples grow"
"what country did wine originate in"
"how many district are in west bengal"
"how many towns in new hampshire"
"what does salesforce.com do?"
"what does 1 year mean to the planet"
"what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration"
"how fire extinguisher works"
"what does righteousness mean"
"what does righteousness mean"
"what countries are in central america?"
"how does a steam engine work"
"how does a steam engine work"
"what county is tacoma washington in"
"what county is chula vista ca in"
"what did isaac newton do"
"what does the universal law of gravitation state"
"how does a dim sum restaurant work"
"how does a dim sum restaurant work"
"how does a dim sum restaurant work"
"how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war"
"how many planets is jupiter away from the sun?"
"what city was the convention when gerald ford was nominated"
"how many professional hockey teams in canada"
"what county is northville mi"
"what county is northville mi"
"how many games did brett favre start in a row"
"what does a vote to table a motion mean?"
"What does the class mean for SDHC cards?"
"what do porcupines eat"
"what did elijah mccoy invent"
"how many apple store are there in total?"
"What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us"
"how is jerky made"
"how is jerky made"
"what domain is eu"
"What does the name "Meister" mean in German"
"what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment?"
"How did Edgar Allan Poe die?"
"what did tycho brahe do"
"what did tycho brahe do"
"how many seasons heroes"
"what holiday is first weekend of september"
"how old r Dylan and Cole Sprouse"
"what does life insurance cover?"
"what does life insurance cover?"
"what does life insurance cover?"
"how many days does the chinese new year last"
"what does s.h.i.e.l.d stand for"
"how many consoles has xbox 360 sold"
"how is a backpack made"
"WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN"
"how is slugging percentage calculated"
"what day is st. patricks day"
"what cheese is made from goat's milk"
"what does the federal reserve do"
"what country is belize in"
"how many books are included in the protestant Bible?"
"how many stars on the first american flag"
"how does a cat purr"
"what became of rich on price is right"
"what became of rich on price is right"
"what county is St. Elizabeth MO in"
"what county is wilton ca in"
"what happened to stevie ray vaughan"
"how many gold gloves does barry larkin have"
"what caused ww"
"how did women's role change during the war"
"how many seasons were there of the wire"
"what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise"
"how is ASP.NET different from .NET"
"how does lsd impact the human body"
"how does lsd impact the human body"
"how does lsd impact the human body"
"how many people live in memphis tennessee"
"how many muscles in the human body"
"how did seminole war end"
"what county is orono maine in"
"what it is a pilot study"
"how many humps on a camel"
"what can be powered by wind"
"how many nature oceans are on earth"
"what county is jacksonville florida in"
"what chili wants wiki"
"what does a liquid oxygen plant look like"
"what division is boise state football"
"What does the term "mens rea" mean"
"what do UA's detect"
"how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso"
"What does Human sperm consist of?"
"how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby"
"what does add my two cents mean"
"how much total wealth in USA"
"what does a plus-minus sign mean"
"what does a plus-minus sign mean"
"how was the moon formed"
"how was the moon formed"
"what did ronald reagan do as president"
"what does judgment as a matter of law mean"
"how many presidents have been assassinated"
"what does oklahoma produce"
"how many redwall books are there"
"what date did the american civil war start"
"what does bruce jenner do"
"what does alkali do to liquids?"
"what area code is 217"
"what area code is 217"
"how jameson irish whiskey is made"
"what does gloria in excelsis deo mean"
"how many grams in a troy ounce of gold"
"how many grams in a troy ounce of gold"
"How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win?"
"what county is jennings, la"
"how does nanotechnology affect health"
"how much does united states spend on health care"
"what does it take to start a lodge in freemason"
"how does black pepper grow"
"how south african leaders are elected"
"how was the phone invented"
"how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki"
"what county is Holly Ridge nc in?"
"what forms seasons"
"what forms seasons"
"what forms seasons"
"how did mohammed gandhi die"
"how many users do twitter have"
"what kind of books does debbie macomber writes"
"what county is catonsville md in"
"what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing"
"whatever happened clint walker"
"what does the family leave act"
"what does the family leave act"
"how did the vietnam war end"
"How is the pothole formed"
"how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer"
"what does estee lauder do"
"how does a solid state drive work"
"how does a solid state drive work"
"how long did the roman empire last"
"how much does U.S. pay on health care per person"
"what creates sonic boom"
"how is rfid tag powered"
"how is rfid tag powered"
"how is rfid tag powered"
"what city is oregon state university in"
"how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered?"
"how many spanish speaking people are there in the us"
"what does (sic) mean?"
"how does sedimentary rock form"
"how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones"
"what did st.patrick do"
"how do you know if something is the golden ratio"
"What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC"
"how much of our universe does plasma make up"
"How is a computer used?"
"what does barefoot and pregnant mean"
"what county is oakhurst, nj in"
"What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do?"
"what circuit court is maryland"
"what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase"
"how often does ham station need to ID?"
"how is human height measured"
"how many days are in a leap year"
"what does a timing belt do"
"what county is bethlehem pa in"
"what countries legalize marijuana"
"how many albums has dmx sold to this date"
"what channel is shopnbc on"
"how post and lintels are used"
"what do mucous membranes secrete"
"what company is cricket wireless by"
"how many numbers on a credit card"
"what county is Cambria WI in"
"how is public policy created"
"how many wives did henry the 8th have"
"what country are bongo drums from?"
"how many books in bible"
"HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG"
"HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG"
"what do biologists do"
"what does base jumping stand for"
"what does base jumping stand for"
"What country is the largest stalagmite"
"what does Gringo mean"
"what does Gringo mean"
"what does hair testing show"
"what does freedom of speech cover"
"what hormones produce thyroid"
"what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean"
"what county is san jose in?"
"what cars have smart key systems"
"how old a child pedophile crime"
"how many people were killed in the holocaust"
"how did John F. Kennedy die?"
"how many members are in the house of representatives"
"what can silk be used for"
"what channel is letterman on"
"what does uncle sam represent to the american people"
"what does karma mean in buddhism"
"what does karma mean in buddhism"
"what does karma mean in buddhism"
"what do cyberstalkers do"
"how do insulin syringes work"
"what kind a is tilapia"
"how did david carradine die"
"how many grape farms in united states"
"what freezes faster? hot or cold water?"
"what causes a small bowel obstruction"
"how many qfc stores are there"
"what affects the money supply"
"how is today special?"
"What Causes Brain Freeze"
"what does auld lang syne mean"
"what does leeroy jenkins mean"
"how was the president involved in the gulf war"
"how many times has a player hit for the cycle"
"how many times has a player hit for the cycle"
"how many episodes of Lost were there"
"what does it mean if i'm flat footed?"
"what age group is generation x"
"how did James Dean die?"
"what glows in the dark"
"what did sparta do around 650 bc"
"what fantasy american football means"
"how many muscles in the body"
"how many muscles in the body"
"how much does a gold bar weigh"
"how much does a gold bar weigh"
"what county is bolingbrook il in?"
"how many kids does archie manning have"
"what does an advocacy website promote?"
"what does the green mean on the mexican flag"
"how often do elk have sex"
"how many amendments in us"
"what city is george washington university"
"How many Muslims live in the United Kingdom?"
"How many Muslims live in the United Kingdom?"
"how many players on a side for a football game"
"what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do"
"how many lungs does a human have"
"how long to take iwo jima"
"What a Margarita contains"
"what color is burgundy"
"what color is burgundy"
"what is the population of center tx"
"what causes photo red eye"
"what creates a cloud"
"how many students go to santa barbara"
"what day is the feast of st joseph's?"
"what culture is mariah carey"
"how was color introduced in film?"
"how was color introduced in film?"
"what artist have song with ashanti?"
"what came first army or air force"
"what day is 2011 super bowl?"
"what does the FOIA apply to"
"how many countries are member of the eu?"
"how many vehicles are registered in the us"
"what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of"
"what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush"
"what does xylem transport"
"how many mvps has kobe bryant won"
"what do jehovah witnesses believe"
"what do jehovah witnesses believe"
"how old old is xp operating system"
"how many pawns in chess"
"what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military"
"How Works Diaphragm Pump"
"how is hydrogen produced"
"how many percent is a basis point"
"how many percent is a basis point"
"how many percent is a basis point"
"what genre is bloody beetroots"
"what country is madrid spain in"
"What causes rogue waves"
"what happened to montgomery clift"
"how many asian indians live in usa"
"what caused the world war 2"
"what caused the world war 2"
"what happened to george o'malley on grey's anatomy?"
"what happened to george o'malley on grey's anatomy?"
"what happened to george o'malley on grey's anatomy?"
"what happened to george o'malley on grey's anatomy?"
"how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year"
"how many rooms in borgata hotel"
"what country has the most muslims in the world"
"what country is dubai in"
"how much of earth is covered ocean water"
"how is root beer made?"
"how much did yankee stadium cost"
"what does informal logic mean"
"what country is turkey in"
"what country is turkey in"
"what county is Augusta,GA located in?"
"What happened to "The Glades" tv series"
"how many albums has eminem sold in his career"
"what do pigs eat"
"what does a cutter do"
"what it takes aerosmith album"
"what it takes aerosmith album"
"what county is erie colorado"
"What happened during the Starving Time in Jamestown?"
"What happened during the Starving Time in Jamestown?"
"What happened during the Starving Time in Jamestown?"
"what classes are considered humanities"
"what classes are considered humanities"
"what classes are considered humanities"
"what classes are considered humanities"
"what does the president of the usa do"
"what does the president of the usa do"
"what does the president of the usa do"
"what food is in afghan"
"what food is in afghan"
"how kimberlite pipes form"
"how many seasons of grey's anatomy are there"
"how is schizophrenia diagnosed?"
"what kind of cut is tri tip"
"what kind of cut is tri tip"
"what county is willmar mn in?"
"what kind of company is Microsoft?"
"how does weather happen"
"how many countries have english as an official language"
"what countries are in cono sur"
"what countries are in cono sur"
"how many innings makes an official game"
"what branch of the military is delta force"
"what causes the seasons"
"what does 3g network mean"
"what does Mazel tov! mean"
"How Do You Get Hepatitis C"
"how does flexible spending account work"
"how tennessee became a state"
"how many baseball teams usa"
"what county is coatesville indiana located in"
"how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state?"
"how many amendments in the US constitution"
"what does fidelity do"
"what causes thunder sound"
"what causes thunder sound"
"what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr."
"what area code is 949"
"what does continuous improvement mean"
"what area code is 810"
"how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter"
"what kind of earthquake was haiti"
"what kind of horse was mr ed"
"What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense?"
"who does chris humphries play for"
"what are corporation balance"
"what is .17 hmr caliber"
"what made the civil war different from others"
"where to buy potato bread made without wheat"
"what year was the 8 track invented"
"what are points on a mortgage"
"who killed julius caesar"
"what are  the  official languages of nigeria"
"who played guitar on the kiss album, creatures of the night"
"who wrote white christmas"
"what are the different types of cross country skiing"
"what are use taxes?"
"what are use taxes?"
"what are use taxes?"
"WHAT IS A FY QUARTER"
"who pulmonary hypertension"
"what is an array in programming"
"what is an array in programming"
"who wrote a rose is a rose is a rose"
"what is a notary for"
"what is a notary for"
"when did the cold war start"
"what state is pike's peak in?"
"what state is jakarta in?"
"what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot"
"what is a book index"
"who sings the song never ending story"
"who can file suspicious activity report"
"who created facebook"
"what are the sulfas"
"what are risk for infections"
"who owns joe's crab shack"
"where do cruises dock in new york city"
"what is a right wing christian"
"who played the lead roles in the movie leaving las vegas"
"what is a CMM machine"
"what percentage of water in in the body"
"what percentage of water in in the body"
"what type of batteries are 357 (LR44)"
"where did hurricane katrina begin"
"where did hurricane katrina begin"
"what is an assist in basketball"
"what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
"where did the persian war take place"
""